WAHHH
It's Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
I really appreciate for y'all for all the friend requests..Thank you very much!
Seriously
How do I express this, it's like
I'm really in shocked and I can't express myself enough
I'm so happy that I received this many requests
Thank you so much
Please take a look at this!
As my personal favorite
it's this girl, Kurariche-chan!
She is so adorable, isn't she?
*sound when receiving damage*
KA-WA-II
this is what you called super adorable
I've became much stronger
With that being said..you guys..
If....I can clear a difficulty of 3 or above and achieve victory!
Then it's fine for me to summon a few, right?
So...Prepare yourself!
It's only difficulty 3, I can do this!
Difficulty 3.2, why not~!
3.2...
Let's try it!
Only way is to win!
Hang in there!
OH! OH! OH! Looking Good! Looking good!....
OH! OH!
AH! it's working! It's working!
Oh no, Dangerous!
OH! OH! Looking good! Looking good!
Why is she healing...That's cheating... cheating...cheating....
Healing is cheating...
Ah! So close!
OH! YES! I can do it! Only...Only...
Only boss left! I can do it!
Ah...He looks so strong
Hang in there!
EH!? Not Good! That one attack is unbelievably strong
Not Good! Not Good!
I'm being too corky..3.2 is too much! I'm sorry!
AH! This is too much!!
Mercy!
AH!
use one orb -> full party revive!
Full unit skill timer - max!!
orbs owned: 286
Continue?
Yes/No
OH! I'm still alive ;P
Amazing!
the enemy is weaken! GO!
not good... Why is he healing...
AHHHH
use one orb -> full party revive!
Full unit skill timer - max!!
orbs owned: 285
Continue?
Yes/No
OK! OK! OK! OK! OK!
OK! OH!
Not only my HP is all max
there is only one enemy left!
As I expected 3.2 is too easy
5.1 is probably also a piece of cake too
You can do it! You can do it!! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH!
You can do it!
I DID IT!!
I DID IT!!!!!!!!!
I WON!
It's time for summoning!!
YA, it's way too easy
who knows what is continue..Well, I won anyway ;P
so I have to summon now, right?
let's roll.. let's roll
this..
I'm aiming for Dione-chan and Kurisuta-chan
Touch the orb!
AH! AH! AH! AH!
AH!
AHHHHHHHHH
as expected... I'm lucky
KAWAII
WITH ONLY ONE ROLL!
Incredible..
I had so much fun playing games
well, as I am always here in this white dimension...
1 or 2 games eh?..
Do you guys wanna play games together in my room?
Of course you guys do, right?
Do you guys wanna come to my room?
eh?
Oh, well!
How about next time. Please come here and I'll be waiting for you to play with me!
Remember to come! Bye~Bye~~